is Charlie coming to you from the yugioh
resistance page of a deck profile we got
here for 2013 September banlist it's
super defense robots just came out of
the new judgment of the light set and
I'm going to show it to you and how they
work they're pretty sick actually so you
got your main to defense robots well
three there is actually but you get your
mokey and you got your Lyle both are all
the super defense robots can be normal
summoned and then special summon either
another super defense robot or over till
seven so that's pretty much with the
decks doing now these two guys pretty
much their effects work together or if
you can get them to go off together it's
perfect because it's mo k banish a
machine monster from your graveyard to
go ahead and add a super defense robot
or orbital 7 to your hand when this is
when this process actually happens this
is activates loves effect you get a
special summon then of that monster that
you got to add to hand so you get some
excellent exceeding going off so you got
your orbital sevens in the deck and then
you've got your big or eight star elfin
over here he's great because he can make
any of the super defense robots or
orbital 7 a level eight so instant level
eight overlay plays now he can only be
used for an exceed summon of a
machine-type exceed so we got some
pretty sick ones in the Extra Deck to
show you afterwards so we have I'm not
gonna mention in the deck as well we're
playing triple gear frame which is
searching us are one fortress what
fortress is more than enough in the back
he's at level 7 he doesn't work quite
right with the deck but he just comes
out he's 2500 you can keep reading them
back with those level 8 you got in your
hand main thing researching is triple
back in a cannon cannons are level 8 you
just didja machine some of them overlay
it's perfect works really really great
in the deck to with our triple
gearspring spirit if your spring spirits
are going to be so good because we got
nothing but machines in here and he's
just special someone in level a drop
some opponents attack 20 I've run over
it such sick play as he goes off with an
hour one bourbon because
you go leg you can special some of this
pop it back Birdman and you got some
really really neat synchros going on
spells on the deck mm st double trade-in
to iron call and some new tech for the
deck we're playing a soul release in
here this is the hit the stuff in my
opponents graveyard or if I need to
clear up my either solidarity in the
deck or my gear spring spirits I can go
ahead and remove some exceed monsters
that art machines so solidarity's in
there we're playing a single Lance our
bottles dark whole mess up every time I
charcoal foolish burial our one limiter
removal I wish I could play more just
one machine duplication he goes off
really with orbital 7 only and it's a
pretty good play so it's worth having in
there only a couple traps double call
the haunted whoo make a mess here to
finish shade our single compulsory
reenter single bottomless trap hole and
that there my friends is the deck we're
going to go ahead and show you the extra
thickness of those sick monsters for
summoning we're playing three signals in
the deck we're playing a star eater I
mean it's Birdman plus any of the level
aids in the deck star eater perfect card
love this thing one scrap our trade for
well the level 4 in the deck plus
Birdman and the 16 for any of the level
3 is possible so bourbon have a viola
tuner that's the only synchros our trump
card from the deck googly-eyes drum
dragon as soon as this thing looks and
sounds uh it's amazing it's got 3,000
attack it comes out you detach a
material it goes up to 4,000 if this
thing is destroyed wall has a material
attached to it you can banish a super
defense robot from your graveyard to
special summon him to the field and then
if you have a super defense robot in the
graveyard you can then attach it to them
again so you can use that effect again
and you just doesn't really die any
still at 3000 amazing card with the
elephant's effect only going for
machines or
playing two of the gimmick puppets we're
playing grinder and strings in here
grinder comes out and he's just like
destroying your opponent special summon
monsters and they take damage equal to
their attack it's a game winning card
and strings 3,000 can go ahead and
destroy everything on the field and burn
for some more damage sit cards that's my
rank x-ray kegs great eight for the neck
we're playing some right for is in here
we got a la voce Emeril you know pretty
standard might want some more of those
are pretty sick we're playing a gig and
X Sicard go ahead search my machines for
now we're playing utopia utopia ray I
might drop it if we go ahead and get
some more gear connects and we have our
one Albert each for all therefore
because they're all earth and we're
playing to Greg threes for our monkeys
in here uh force or two is really great
because it goes ahead and puts the
monkeys back in the deck and it doesn't
end up in the graveyard to like I say
mess up the unity the deck needs and a
lot of stuff is banished with googly
eyes and monkey and stuff so don't
forget that soul release gotta love soul
release you can go ahead and special
something back some stuff it's pretty
sick all right guys that's the deck tell
us what you think give us a like rate
comment and subscribe all that nice
stuff we'll see you later